# System RGB Sync with Pywal Colors

A simple Python script that syncs your system's RGB lighting with the colors generated by [pywal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal), bringing vibrant aesthetics to your setup.
In my Arch Hyprland setup, I have a keybind that runs a bash script. This script changes the wallpaper, generates a color scheme using pywal, and then updates the RGB lighting accordingly. **Will upload my dotfiles soon**. Stay tuned.

## Features
- **Sync RGB with Pywal**: Automatically adjust the RGB lighting of your system to match the colors generated by `pywal`.
- **Effortless Integration**: Integrates seamlessly with your existing `pywal` setup, making it a perfect enhancement for your colorful environment.
- **Minimal Setup**: Simple and easy to use with a few lines of code.

## Requirements
- Python 3.x
- `pywal` (for generating color schemes)
- OpenRGB is already installed and OpenRGB server already running the default port.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/UsnikB/pywal-openRGBSync.git
    cd pywal-openRGBSync
    ```

2. Install [openrgb-python](https://github.com/jath03/openrgb-python) globally, depending on your system requirements:
   for ARCH linux:
   ```bash
   yay -S python-openrgb-git
   ```

4. Ensure that `pywal` is installed and working on your system:
    ```bash
    pip install pywal
    ```

## Usage

1. **Generate colors with pywal**:
    First, run `pywal` to generate your color scheme:
    ```bash
    wal -i /path/to/your/wallpaper
    ```

2. **Sync RGB lighting**:
    Run the Python script to sync your RGB lights with the generated colors:
    ```bash
    python sync_rgb.py
    ```

    This will automatically adjust your RGB lights to match the `pywal` color palette.

## How it Works
- The script reads the `pywal` generated colors from the `~/.cache/wal/colors.json` file.
- It extracts the color palette and sends the colors to OpenRGB server to apply the color systemwide.

## Contributing
Feel free to fork, modify, and submit pull requests to enhance the functionality or add new features.

### Issues
If you encounter any issues, feel free to open an issue in the [GitHub issues section](https://github.com/yourusername/system-rgb-sync/issues).

## License
Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

